chore: Style and SEO updates (#3775)
hashicorp/terraform-cdk: website/docs/cdktf/create-and-deploy/hcp-terraform.mdx

---
page_title: Connect to HCP Terraform or Terraform Enterprise
description: >-

>   Use HCP Terraform or Terraform Enterprise to to store your CDK for Terraform

Reviewer: typo: double "to"
```suggestion
  Use HCP Terraform or Terraform Enterprise to store your CDK for Terraform
```

  project state remotely, manage secrets, and collaborate with team members.
---

> # Connect CDK for Terraform to HCP Terraform or Terraform Enterprise

Author: ```suggestion
# Connect CDKTF to HCP Terraform or Terraform Enterprise
```
